**The Palmarian Church** is a schismatic group and Christian cult formed in the late 20th century in the small town of El Palmar de Troya in Spain. Its beginnings are found in a series of alleged Marian apparitions when four young girls claimed to have seen the Virgin Mary near an olive tree. This soon drew large crowds from all over the region, and some that visited also began reporting visions -- one of whom is a man named Clemente Dominguez y Gomez. Dominguez claimed to receive visions from both the Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ; this, he claimed, gave him the spiritual authority to lead a new religion that carried on the name of the "true" catholic church. He believed, and his followers soon believed, that the Roman Catholic Church had fallen into irreversible apostasy -- due, perhaps largely due, to the Second Vatican Council (aka, Vatican 2). Dominguez eventually declared himself as the true pope, calling the current Bishop of Rome a heretic and a freemason -- and he was "mystically crowned" by Christ himself. The Palmarian Catholic Church declares itself the true holy, Catholic, and apostolic church; rejects the authority of the Vatican; and issues its own papal declarations -- which are often extremely strict, highly regressive, and tangibly oppressive in nature. Even after the death of Dominguez, his successors and clergy continue to keep the church alive through soliciting donations from its worldwide, yet shrinking, congregations. All of this centralizes, though, within the headquaters in El Palmar de Troya's basilica. The Palmarian Catholic Church remains highly obscure, as much of their liturgy and declarations remained secret due to a parishoner blockage of any internet or social media usage. However, the church has loosened its stance on internet usage, and a series of pope-sponsored pages and Palmarian apologetics pages have appeared on different social media sites.

**The boundaries of tracking** are simple: I will examine the library of content published by the Palmarian church on the officially sanctioned, and officially run, page. This page, the "holypalmarianchurch" username representing it, is the nucleas by which I will track all general population interation and apologetics intersections within it. For the sake of this class' project, I think having just this page be the primary source is fine. All else will quickly leave the scope of this project.

**The one-click-rule** is a mechanism by which I am able to keep all of my research centered on officially posted materials -- I will investigate engagers, apologists, and any new hyperlinks/interactables with one click only: if this click proves unfruitful, a note will be made, and it will be shelved for another time.

**What quantifies positive and negative engagement** is determined through three distinct measures. One is the literal text of the engagement: what literal unemotional message is communicated through the comment, repost, or duet? Two is the paratext of the engagement, specifically the author: who is the person leaving this message, and is there evidence to show any ulterior motives or sarcasm in their engagement? Three is the common sense component of navigating social media posts: in future iterations of this project (beyond the boundaries of this class), I hope to bring on others to confirm the 95% veracity of judgments made on the intention of the engagement.
